The purpose of the program is to create a portfolio for investments. The program offers various functionalities some of which are mentioned below:
1)	The program allows the user to buy or invest into new Stocks or Mutual funds 
2)	The program allows the user to add additional shares of existing Stocks or Mutual funds 
3)	The program allows the user to sell the shares of existing investment either fully or partially
4)	The program allows the user to update or refresh the prices of existing stocks and mutual funds
5)	The program allows the user to get the total gain from their investments so far
6)	The program allows the user to search for a specific investment in the portfolio
7)	The program allows the user to take input from a file about their Investment Record.
8)	The program also stores back all updated information into the file after the user has decided to finish the Program.
The program uses Arraylist to store the investments made by the user. The advantage of using Arraylist is that the number of investments in not limited and can be changed at any time during the execution of the program. 
My program consists of 5 different classes:
Stock
Portfolio
MutualFund 
Search
Investment 
Stock Class -> Stock class is used to create objects of class Stock. Object of class stock will represent an investment made in stock. A stock class object has various variables such as price, name, symbol, book value and number of shares. All these variables are set to Private in the class and can be accessed through Accessors and mutators definitions provided in the class Investment. Stock Class inherits the functionality of Investment class to reduce code redundancy from assignment 1.
MutualFund class-> MutualFund class is used to create objects of class MutualFund. Object of class mutualfund will represent an investment made in mutualfunds. A mutualfund class object has various variables such as price, name, symbol, book value and number of shares. All these variables are set to private in the class and can be accesses through accessors and mutators definitions provided in the class. 
Search Class-> Search class is used to create objects of class Search. Search objects are particularly used in the search algorithm for investments. All the variables in search class as well are set to private and can be accessed through accessors and mutators only. Search class also consist of constructor methods to create a new object of type Search. Search class also inherits the functionality of Investment class.
Investment Class-> All the common methods in the above 3 mentioned classes are now placed in the Investment class. This will develop code sharing among different classes and objects and hence reduce the redundancy.
Portfolio class-> Portfolio class is the main class to run the program as it contains the main method in it. The user will be running the Portfolio class to use the program. The main method inside the Portfolio class consists of a while loop which runs and asks user for the choice they want to make. The user can request to end the program by choosing option 6 and hence break the loop.
Main Class ->  The user can now pass a file name as a command line argument. The data in the file will be read to take the information about Investments and stored in our Investment Arraylist. Main method will also print back the updated investment information in the file after the user chooses to end the program. 

The 1st option is to buy a new investment. The buy bracket will check if the Investment symbol requested already exists in the portfolio or not. If the symbol exists than the user will be asked for the additional number of shares, they want to buy otherwise the used will be asked to enter the name of the investment as well the other details to create a new investment. After buying the investment, the buy block will also a function to update the name Keyword index in our Hashmap. 
The 2nd option is to sell a certain investment. The buy bracket will ask the user for the symbol of investment they want to sell along with the number of shares to sell. The program will check 2 conditions to check if program is valid. 1st is if the investment exists and 2nd if the number of shares available is greater than or equal to shares requested to sell. If the sale is valid then the user will be asked for the price and the sale will be completed. If a certain investment is being removed from portfolio during the sell, then again we will update the name keyword index in out Hashmap.  
3rd option is to update the price values of all the existing investments. The update code goes through all the investments in the portfolio one by one and asks the user to update the price. Then the new price replaces the older price in the investment.
4th option is to get the total gain of the portfolio. The programs go through all the Investments in the portfolio and calculate the individuals gain from all the investments. For the final gain, the program adds all the individual gain into total gain and prints the result.
5th option is to search for a particular investment in the portfolio. The search code uses the Class Search for this purpose by adding all the investments in the portfolio into a search_array. The search array can consist up to 3 fields. The first is the symbol of the investment, the second is keywords in the name of the investment and third is the price range. The search array objects are matched for all these cases in the investment and then prints out the investments that match all the given criteria. The search array has been improved from assignment 1. Search will use the name keyword Hashmap created to search for the name keywords and, hence completing our search.



TEST CASE:	
For the test cases, I have chosen to take approach of having a multiple number of investments in my portfolio. I will have investment of both stock and mutual funds. Then I tested for each part of the code one by one.
 I will start the testing by giving a command line argument for my file name. I will try to pass a file which does not exist, and this should give me an error message. Then I will try to pass file with wrong input format, and this should also print an error message on the screen. Then I will try to pass a file with correct format and this time the code should give a success message and store all the information in the Arraylist. I will also test for the Hashmap to check if the name keywords are successfully created in the Map.
 For testing the buy function of the code, I will try to add an investment with symbols which are already existing and by ones which are not existing. For the first case I should reach the bracket where I will be asked for additional number of shares and for the second case, I will reach the bracket where I will add a new investment into the portfolio. I will then test if the Hashmap keys are updated once the purchase is successfully completed. I will just print all the key and values for this test case.
For testing sale bracket, I will try to sell an investment which is not existing, and this should print an error message. Then I will try to sell an existing investment with number of shares exceeding the number of shares available. This should also print an error message. Then I will try to make a valid sale and this sale should proceed smoothly without any problem. I will then test if the Hashmap keys are updated once the sale is completed successfully.  
For the update bracket, I will try to update the prices of some of the investment and keep some prices same so that we can test if the program allows the user to enter the same rate again. I will also test cases where changes are made to all and none of the investment.
For the get gain bracket, I will use the example given in the starting of the assignment, to check if the computed total gain is correct or not. Then I will make some sales and buys to check if there is relevant change in the total gain as well.
For the search bracket I will search number of cases. My first search will not have any restrictions, and this should print all the investments in the portfolio. For second search I will try to pass only single restriction of symbol. Then I will give only single restriction for keywords. Then I will test case where I give wrong keywords. Then I will test for the wrong symbol. Then I will have test for name in case insensitive manner. Then I will try to test for various cases of price range such as 10-100, 10-, -100, 100. Then I will test the code with more than one restriction at a time and finally with all 3 restrictions at same time with both wrong and right values.



Further Improvement that can be made:
For improving the functionality of code, I will first work on file input. The current file input is very restrictive, the user must follow a certain pattern in the file for it to be read by the program. This can be improved to follow any general pattern. 
Also, file input is possible only if user passes a command line argument in the starting of program. We can have an input choice where user can request to take input from a certain file in the middle of the program. 
The ePortfolio consists of only 2 types of investments. The project can be further improved to add more type of investments. This will improve the scope of the program.
